Have you spoken
to Mama recently?
I feel like she's avoiding me.
I can't speak for your mom,
she's an adult and does what she wants.
No, Fikile,
stop with the questions.
Mom?
You're home, my child.
My child.
Don't give up on her.
Some things are hard
to discuss with children.
- Hello, Aunty.
-Lunga, hello.
Ah, no problem.
And I-- Ooh!
So, where is Mr. Julius?
-No, Fikile.
-No, Dad.
Don't talk like that, Fikile.
-So, how are things?
-This place's better than the other place.
I'll be back.
Thai, Indian,
or you will have a burger?
Bhelekazi, my child,
every family has a bad year.
But this coming new year,
uh, will be much better for us, okay?
What can I help you with?
My child…
What's happening here?
Is this even packing?
I mean, it's a beautiful place
to advance your career prospects.
Sometimes in life…
We women have to give up
a lot more for our aspirations, don't we?
I guess, my baby,
what I'm trying to say
is that aspiration is relative
to time and life stages.
Um, and pack better.
I'm leaving.
I need a couple weeks to clear my head.
I forbid you to leave this house!